RHDHBUGS-3277: Missing prerequisites and configuration details for Scorecard Aggregation cards (#2346)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/observability_evaluate-project-health-using-scorecards/proc-configure-a-default-scorecard-aggregation-card.adoc

.Prerequisites

> * You have installed and configured Scorecard backend and frontend plugins, and at least one Scorecard plugin module.

Reviewer: Can you please update this prerequisites also for all other sections that need it, as specified in the ticket?
Sections:
Configure a default scorecard aggregation card, Configure an aggregation card with a status-grouped tracking type, Configure an aggregation card with an average tracking type.

Author: done

. Navigate to your scorecard card block under the `home.page/cards` mount point.

> . Add a new item to the `mountpointsarray`, `settingaggregationId` to your preferred metric ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Add a new item to the `mountPoints` array, setting `aggregationId` to your preferred metric ID.
```

. Navigate to your scorecard card block under the `home.page/cards` mount point.

. Add a new item to the `mountPoints` array under the `scorecard` plugin configuration, setting `aggregationId` to your preferred metric ID.
+
NOTE: The following example shows how to configure the mount point for a read-only homepage. For customizable homepage configuration, see xref:configure-portfolio-health-on-a-customizable-home-page_configure-scorecard-cards-on-the-homepage[Configure portfolio health on a customizable home page].
+
[source,yaml]
----
plugins:

>   - package: oci://ghcr.io/redhat-developer/rhdh-plugin-export-overlays/red-hat-developer-hub-backstage-plugin-scorecard:<tag>

Reviewer 2: @rh-tokeefe I think the use of `red-hat-developer-hub-backstage-plugin-scorecard:<tag>` is perfectly fine here but just looking over the Scorecard docs, there's a few references to `red-hat-developer-hub-backstage-plugin-scorecard:bs_1.49.4__2.7.7`.

For consistency and maintainability, I think we should stick to using the `<tag>` format, as long as we have the follow-on snipped after each example explaining how to retrieve the plugin version.

Author: @Gerry-Forde during technical reviews an engineer suggested we use specific versions because it was causing confusion in some cases. Maybe I should put this on the doc team meeting agenda just to make sure it gets discussed.

+
[source,yaml]
----
plugins:

>   - package: oci://ghcr.io/redhat-developer/rhdh-plugin-export-overlays/red-hat-developer-hub-backstage-plugin-scorecard:bs_1.45.3__2.3.5

Reviewer: Please fix the outdated 1.45 reference

Reviewer: To make sure user knows that he should only add new mountpoint (we are not repeating configuration for other keys like entityTabs, we should update the 3. step of the procedure 
from:
3. Update the configuration to use the aggregationId property with an established system metric name:

to:
3. Add a new item to the `mountPoints` array, setting `aggregationId` to your preferred metric ID.

Author: Done.

@dzemanov just to confirm, this is the location where I can obtain that correct?

https://github.com/redhat-developer/rhdh-plugin-export-overlays/blob/release-1.10/workspaces/scorecard/metadata/rhdh-backstage-plugin-scorecard.yaml

that way I can bookmark it and know where to look in the future.

Reviewer: Yes, there you can obtain correct frontend scorecard plugin version for RHDH 1.10

    disabled: false
    pluginConfig:
      dynamicPlugins:
        frontend:
          red-hat-developer-hub.backstage-plugin-scorecard:
            mountPoints:
              - mountPoint: home.page/cards
                importName: ScorecardHomepageCard
                config:
                  props:
                    aggregationId: "github.open_prs"
                  layouts:
                    xl: { w: 3, h: 6, x: 3 }
                    lg: { w: 4, h: 6, x: 4 }
                    md: { w: 6, h: 6, x: 6 }
                    sm: { w: 12, h: 6 }
                    xs: { w: 12, h: 6 }
                    xxs: { w: 12, h: 6 }
----
+
where:

> `aggregationId`:: Specifies the ID in the mount point configuration, which is derived from the `metricId` of the installed scorecard module.

Reviewer: Please provide a link to where users can find what metric ids they can use: https://redhat-developer.github.io/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh/release-1.10/observability_evaluate-project-health-using-scorecards/#supported-scorecard-metrics-providers_evaluate-project-health-using-scorecards

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`aggregationId`:: The aggregation identifier used in the mount point configuration, for default aggregation must match the `metricId` from your installed Scorecard module.
```

Author: done
